in the jungle the trees about Basecamp
are buzzing with activity
Gordon scrambles for his camera yet
another species of monkey has come into
camp one of the tiniest in the world
tamarins
right here this idea is so tricky
then how many there are but there's
moving up there to doing some more
movement over there this is a first for
Gordon they're they're rare things much
of their own bone a very small part of
South America
they're very characterful they tend to
stick to this understory foraging about
50 insects but being very small very
difficult to see the golden handed
tamarin standing at 25 centimeters tall
they're pint-sized primates
they're quite they're like gremlins they
move through the mid-story foraging in
family groups to see thieves in the one
time it is nothing short of a miracle
they supplement their diet of fruit and
insects by sucking sap from tree trunks
that was just absolutely brilliant
there's such a tough little monkey to
try follow even tougher to film and I
think I've nailed it got some really
really nice stuff although